Bugfix for underscore dot lambda: Forbidding expressions not based on the implied _ arg (#16207)
dotnet/fsharp: src/Compiler/FSComp.txt

3579,alwaysUseTypedStringInterpolation,"Interpolated string contains untyped identifiers. Adding typed format specifiers is recommended."
3580,tcUnexpectedFunTypeInUnionCaseField,"Unexpected function type in union case field definition. If you intend the field to be a function, consider wrapping the function signature with parens, e.g. | Case of a -> b into | Case of (a -> b)."
3582,tcInfoIfFunctionShadowsUnionCase,"This is a function definition that shadows a union case. If this is what you want, ignore or suppress this warning. If you want it to be a union case deconstruction, add parentheses."

> 3583,tcDotLambdaAtNotSupportedExpression,"The underscore dot lambda shorthand syntax is not supported for this expression. It is only supported for atomic expressions following the implied _ argument , e.g. 'let f = _.Length'."

Reviewer: More of an opinion, I would word it something like:
```suggestion
3583,tcDotLambdaAtNotSupportedExpression,"Shorthand lambda syntax is only supported for atomic expressions, such as method, property, field or indexer on the implied '_' argument. For example: 'let f = _.Length'."
```
